README.md, before:

GarrisonBuddyBeta
=================

Garrison buddy, your personal butler!
----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.4
Fixed toon not close enough to node to interact. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.3
Fixed a bug with picking up work orders, should now pick up all finished work orders.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.2
Deactived part of the experimental navigation system
Improved speed of calculations of path and trimmed path
Safer Interactions with Game objects.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.1
Fixed enchanting CD

----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.5

Added Feature: Now compatible as secondary bot with AutoAngler or GatherBuddy, you can fish while waiting for work orders or/and missions!
Added Feature: New navigation system bringing longer waypoints when available, the bot will now use a mount if available.
Added Feature: All shipments available will now be picked up.
Added Feature: Supported work orders will be started automatically. If yours are not, please post the ID of the PNJ.
Added Feature: The bot will now use your salvaging center and open Salvage crates.

Fixed: Trying to take more than allowed of unique object, will now delete stacks when full.
Fixed: Path generation was returning no path generated when already at destination, the correct behavior has been fixed.
Fixed: Toons were sometimes getting stuck on the side of stairs.
Fixed: Available mission were note always refreshed correctly.


----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.4

Remapped Horde Garrison, mines and garden(garden lvl 3 still not preoperly mapped)

----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.3

Added support for Garrison horde lvl 2 and 3
Fixed countdown check for coffee
Faster movements

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.2

Bug fixes:
#83729758: GaB spams miner's coffee and mining pick when already buffed.
#83729828: GaB will try to harvest again before looting which closes the loot window.
#83656128: GaB will not always pick up mine shipment.

Garrison - Movement (no mounts for now):
Alliance: Lvl 2/3
Horde: None

Mine:
Harvest ores
Harvest mine cart
Collect work orders
Use coffee and mining pick if available
Alliance: Lvl 1/2/3
Horde: None

Garden:
Harvest herbs
Collect work orders
Alliance: Lvl 1/2/3
Horde: None

Missions:
Included for all supported Garrison level
Logic: complete mission for which follower level is >= mission level and
all abilities countered

General:
Custom settings
Can use Garrison Hearthstone.
Activation of buildings if finished for all supported Garrisons.
Garrison cache pickup included for all supported Garrisons.

Commit message:

v0.6
v0.6
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Rewritten the whole navigation system :
Will now take less than a few ms to find a path.
Less freezes
Less computing power asked from the user
More stable navigation for harvesting
Fixed Professions CD
Fixed error on loots
Improved logging for user and debugging
Too much fixes involved by the new system to list here...

README.md, after:

GarrisonBuddyBeta
=================

Garrison buddy, your personal butler!



v0.6
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Rewritten the whole navigation system : 
    Will now take less than a few ms to find a path.
    Less freezes
    Less computing power asked from the user
    More stable navigation for harvesting
Fixed Professions CD
Fixed error on loots
Improved logging for user and debugging
Too much fixes involved by the new system to list here... 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.4
Fixed toon not close enough to node to interact. 
Fixed missions not being completed
----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.3
Fixed a bug with picking up work orders, should now pick up all finished work orders.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.2
Deactived part of the experimental navigation system
Improved speed of calculations of path and trimmed path
Safer Interactions with Game objects.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5.1
Fixed enchanting CD

----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.5

Added Feature: Now compatible as secondary bot with AutoAngler or GatherBuddy, you can fish while waiting for work orders or/and missions!
Added Feature: New navigation system bringing longer waypoints when available, the bot will now use a mount if available.
Added Feature: All shipments available will now be picked up.
Added Feature: Supported work orders will be started automatically. If yours are not, please post the ID of the PNJ.
Added Feature: The bot will now use your salvaging center and open Salvage crates.

Fixed: Trying to take more than allowed of unique object, will now delete stacks when full.
Fixed: Path generation was returning no path generated when already at destination, the correct behavior has been fixed.
Fixed: Toons were sometimes getting stuck on the side of stairs.
Fixed: Available mission were note always refreshed correctly.


----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.4

Remapped Horde Garrison, mines and garden(garden lvl 3 still not preoperly mapped)

----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.3

Added support for Garrison horde lvl 2 and 3
Fixed countdown check for coffee
Faster movements

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.2

Bug fixes:
#83729758: GaB spams miner's coffee and mining pick when already buffed.
#83729828: GaB will try to harvest again before looting which closes the loot window.
#83656128: GaB will not always pick up mine shipment.

Garrison - Movement (no mounts for now):
Alliance: Lvl 2/3
Horde: None

Mine:
Harvest ores
Harvest mine cart
Collect work orders
Use coffee and mining pick if available
Alliance: Lvl 1/2/3
Horde: None

Garden:
Harvest herbs
Collect work orders
Alliance: Lvl 1/2/3
Horde: None

Missions:
Included for all supported Garrison level
Logic: complete mission for which follower level is >= mission level and
all abilities countered

General:
Custom settings
Can use Garrison Hearthstone.
Activation of buildings if finished for all supported Garrisons.
Garrison cache pickup included for all supported Garrisons.
